https://codepen.io/Kandelonius/pen/BaNJgKd?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives meaning to your page. Examples include nav, header, h1-h6, etc.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        The foundation of a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is a modification of an element and is put in the first part of an element declaration.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The main heading of a page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
        img tag and a tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        We'd put the title of the document in the head.
    7. What is an id? 
        a way to add specificity to an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        an id can be added to any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        id is only used once. It distinguishes a tag from all of the others of the same type.
    10. What is a class? 
        a way to add specificity to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        classes can be added to any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        there is no limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        to assist people with screen readers describe images
    15. How do I reference an id?
        An id is referenced using a # symbol in the CSS. In HTML it's called using "id='name'"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        making a website look better.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class would be used for multiple elements like to format several images with the same border,
        and an id would be used to distinguish like elements like formatting a single h2 to be upercase
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        parent child selectors add specificity based on the hierarchy of the code. It can be useful
        when you need to target a specific element within another element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        it specifies a special state like hover:
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercace | lowercase | capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm  and you must be careful because it cannot be undone and there is no confirmation.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        so that you always have a usable version of your code in case you update and there is 
        some kind of bug.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 minutes or after finishing an important task.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        -fork and ensure you get your own version
        -add TL as a collaborator
        -clone using the url then type "git clone <link-to-repo>" and cd into repo
        -branch on fork git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
        -git code . to open vscode and make changes to the file
        -git add . to add changes to git
        -git commit -m "useful message"
        -git push -u origin branch-name
        -go to github and click the branch button then click your branch then click 
            "New pull request" button
        -add TL as a reviewer
        -submit

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?